so even though it's my last day you
better not let up now so in that spirit
let me say for the last time standing up
here Joshi want to get started with
questions I'm not interrupting because
he was saying nice things about you guys
because I largely concur when I first
met Josh earnest he was in Iowa I think
he was wearing jeans
he looked even younger than he was
and since my entire campaign depended on
communications in Iowa I gave him a a
pretty good once-over and there are a
couple things I learned about him right
away number one you know he's just got
that all-american Matt neg good-looking
thing going that's helpful let's face it
face made-for-television then the guy's
name is Josh earnest which if somebody's
speaking on your behalf is a pretty good
name to have but what struck me most in
addition to his smarts and his maturity
and his actual interest in the issues
was his integrity you know there are
people you meet who you have a pretty
good inkling right off the bat our
straight shooters and we're raised to be
fundamentally honest and to treat people
with respect and there are times where
that first impression
turns out to be wrong and you're a
little disappointed you see behind the
curtain that there's spin and some hype
and you know posturing going on but then
there's others who the longer you know
the better you know the more time you
spend with him the more you're tested
under tough situations the more that
initial impression is confirmed and I
have now known this guy for 10 years
almost and I've watched him grow and
I've watched him advance and I've
watched him marry and I've watched him
be a father and I've watched him manage
younger people coming up behind him and
he's never disappointed he has always
been the guy you wanted him to be and I
think that you know you if you're the
president United States and you find out
that this is the guy who has been voted
beep the most popular press secretary
ever by the White House press corps that
may make you a little nervous thinking
well maybe the guys kind of been too
solicitous towards towards the press but
the fact is is that he was worthy of
that admiration he was tough and he
didn't always give you guys everything
he wanted but he was always prepared
he was always courteous he always tried
to make sure that he could share with
you as much of our thinking and our
policy and our vision as possible
and tried to be as responsive as
possible and that's how he trained the
rest of his team to be so of the folks
that I've had the great joy and pleasure
of working with over the last 10 years
on this incredible journey you know this
guy ranks as high as just about anybody
I've worked with he is not only a great
press secretary but more importantly he
is a really really good man and I'm
really really proud of him
so Josh congratulations and Natalie and
Walter thanks for putting up with all of
this because because they've made
sacrifices to